So we'll just start with a silent meditation for about 10 minutes while other people join us and
Ritter will be playing some music. I'll just take you through a few
balancing a couple of balancing mantras at the beginning and then we'll have some meditation with music in the background.
And and then we'll start eating. So.
I think it's nice when we're meditating, if we just all turn our cameras off.
And so we're not watching each other raise our Kundalini's.
So if everybody is now.
Ready to meditate. We can just all do a little namaskar to Shri Mataji.
And collectively raise our Kundalini's and put on.
But.
And with our right hand on the ground or pointing towards some other earth.
We'll say three times the mantra to Shri Ganesha.
Asking him to overcome any obstacles that there might be to us meeting joyfully this evening.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Ganesha Sakshat Shri Adishakti Mataji
Shri Nirmala Devi Namo Naha
And with our right hand.
On the ground still. We'll take the mantra to for the whole of the left side just to balance out clear out the left side and let it drain into the earth.
And that Shri Mahakali Bhairava.
Michael. So Shri Mahakali Shri Bhairava Shri Michael.
Nirmala Devi Namo Naha
And then move our right hand on to our knee again, and our left hand pointing towards the ether.
We'll just allow.
All the heat of our activities throughout the day, just to drain into ether through our left hand.
As we say the mantra to Shri Mahasaya Rati Hanumanan Gabriel Shri Mahasaya Rati Shri Hanumanan Shri Gabriel.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Mahasaya Rati Shri Hanumanan Shri Gabriel Sakshat
Shri Adishakti Mataji Shri Nirmala Devi Namo Naha
Shri Namo Naha Shri Namo Naha
We'll take the mantra for the central channel.
Shri Mahalakshmi Shri Ganesha
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Mahalakshmi Shri Ganesha Sakshat
Shri Adishakti Mataji Shri Nirmala Devi Namo Naha
And we'll just sit for a few minutes in silence. In a moment Rita will start some music, and I suggest that we all during the music just raise our Kundalini's again three times just raise moving our right hand up long central channel up over the top of our head and
with our hands spiraling out from the center of our sasrara to take in the whole of the top of the head three times. I was finding that brings up so much more of the Kundalini when we do that. We'll listen to music for five or six minutes and then Rita will be playing
one of the very earliest bad jams and also showing a clip of Shri Mataji.
Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi Namo Naha
Mother let me walk to sleep.
Should be muted.
Mother I should unmute myself.
Nothing.
Well, we were planning to show you a video of Shri Mataji entering the Thames.
I think the first time that she entered the waters that are the source of the Thames. But I'm not sure if we're able to.
So let's just dive straight in. It is almost 10 to 8 anyway.
So I just want to welcome everybody.
Everybody that was here the last times and everybody that's come for the first time.
This time I see that Linda Williams has got on. She's managed to beat the technology and join us.
That's wonderful.
I.
As you know, this is an occasion for us to share stories about the early days and about our meetings with Shri Mataji.
We've specifically asked a handful of people if they can share a story to start off with.
But we were expecting this to last about an hour and a half. So until about nine o'clock.
So after they've spoken, we'll just open it up for anybody to offer the regulations that they have.
So the list I have, Meera is on my list, but I can't see her anywhere.
I'm not sure she's been able to join us. But then Ruth Flint.
Captain, the caliber matter.
And I Grets I've seen and Ken Williams. So Ruth, can I pass the word to you?
Do you like to meet yourself and tell us your story? So nice to see you.
Good evening, everybody. It's nice to see all these familiar faces.
I'm not quite sure. I mean, I heard that we were supposed to say why we wanted to go to a big program.
But me, my story is a bit different. So I can say it very briefly for those who don't know it.
I was a seeker like many of us, and I was lucky enough to meet Craig in 1981, in Rome.
And I had heard he had lived in Nall.
And as I loved history of art and art, I asked, and so I believed that there was something in Christianity that I had left the research.
I asked him if he was interested in religions. He said yes a little bit.
And then I asked, where did you find a way of putting together Oriental religion and Christianism?
And he said, yes, I think so. So I said, well, please tell me.
And he said, well, all religions, they are like a pyramid. So at the base, they are all away from each other.
And the more you go up towards the essence, and the more they get close to each other, and they are the one.
So I loved very much this answer. And then I started asking him day after day, because we were working together, questions about what he told me the day before, what it meant, and all that.
He never said the word Sahaja Yoga, never spoke about Shri Mataji. That's explained more and more.
And I liked it a lot. And so the day of the marriage of Charles and Diana, everybody at work was watching the TV, the marriage on the TV.
And he told me, come, let's go to your office and I'll make you a little drawing.
And he made the drawing of the Chakra and said, you see, and this is realization once you are at the top there.
And because I had read about realization in Kundalini, I told him that's what I want.
And so he gave me an appointment one week later at the flat with him and Catherine. They gave me realization.
And I think that maybe a few days before, he gave me a photocopy of a newspaper article with a photo of Shri Mataji.
He said, well, put your feet in the water while watching, while looking at this photocopy.
So I did that. And so he introduced me to Shri Mataji.
And then a little time later, I mean, I recognized her.
Trina Drouin did not need to tell me who she was. She came neverly.
And then a few months later, I met her. That's how it is.
Beautiful.
Catherine, would you like to carry on from or not carry on, but tell one story?
Yes. OK. Good evening, everybody.
It's nice that we have this meeting and we can see each other, at least see each other.
No, I was studying and I was not a seeker as such.
What I always felt is that if we had a party, I would come home with no added value.
So in that sense, I was not the party girl much.
And studying kept us quite busy, you know, from eight to six in the evening, plus working at night.
So I said, as long as we study. And I was discussing that with a colleague of mine, which was studying.
From eight to six, there's not much time in the evening to do a lot of non-sentuous life.
But once we are out of university, how do we manage life that we don't go, you know, astray?
So she started to tell me, look, if you want to know how to manage your life properly,
I have a system where you get to know yourself and get to know what's right and wrong.
And a few weeks later, her brother joined her and they get a realisation with practically no introduction, not much.
It's suddenly before Shmadeji's picture saying this is a lead who can help you to connect to this energy with which you are going with and connecting to her will help you to manage your life.
All right.
What happened after a nice day in the street, I walked home and you can not say it was a vision, but it was like in French, you would say in revelation or a painting in German.
It was clear to me.
I saw like a train.
This is the rail which I'm going to take straight ahead forward onto the left.
My family would drop out to the right.
My friends and colleagues would go on and that's it.
Then a few months, three months later, I was in London for a birthday.
I didn't speak English, so somebody was helping me understand what Shmadeji was saying and what she was saying to me when I first bought her feet and washed her feet, which we all could do at that time.
And yeah, that was, we were just clear that was going to be my life.
And it stayed like that, hopefully.
But, Kavonlyn, back to you.
And I'll pass it back to Anagret.
Yeah, Anagret is there and I think she may need a little help with technology. Anagret, can you hear us all?
And you see a mic and I think Anagret has to unmute herself. Can we unmute her?
No.
So Anagret, you see a mic, you have to press that.
Okay.
Yeah, now we can hear you. Yes, perfect.
Thanks, God. My gosh.
Yeah, we were having back and forth, but see, Shmadeji helped you with technology.
Okay. Okay. So we'd love to hear, like I said, what is your, what took you to Sahaj the first time? What were your impressions?
We'd love to hear about that.
Well, I tell you maybe how I came to get my realization.
I remember, well, I was brought up in a sort of way of the Catholic Church.
And I remember I must have been seven or eight years old and I always loved the months of May, which is in the Catholic Church, the months of the Mother Mary, where they worship especially Mother Mary.
And I was, my teachers were nuns in the Catholic school.
And when we were doing well on Saturdays, we always got a token with a picture of Mother Mary. There were different pictures of Mother Mary with the child.
And I remember in the month of May, I always put on my night table a little altar with this picture of Mother Mary and a few flowers around.
And I just did it. It just gave me such a good feeling. And so years went by and I became a teenager and more and more I felt this Catholic Church, there's a lot of untruth in it, and I couldn't accept and understand many things.
And there was a sort of rebellion also inside of me. And when I was 18, I decided I'm officially leaving the Catholic Church.
So that was one thing, but I had nothing else. And I was not aware of a seeking. I started reading a lot of esoteric books and I was reading a lot of,
well, I was trying to find it through my work in psychology and so on, but nothing really satisfied me. Then I thought, well, I'm going to travel.
Maybe, you know, because I have read a lot about Buddhism and I was a bit in the Hinduistic religion, but it never really gave me this feeling, that's it.
So finally, I went on big journeys, which brought me to India. And I traveled for nearly a year around India. And there I could really visit.
I was up in Ladakh in Kashmir and visited all these temples of the Buddhists, of the Tibetans, of the Hindus.
And I only could feel each time afterwards, there's a lot of ritualism, there's a lot of strange things.
There is a lot of, I had the feeling, money and power behind. And it was always the same, like I felt in the Catholic Church.
So finally I thought, well, this is my illusion. You know, there is nothing maybe which is something like a truth.
So I went back home, but it didn't leave me. I had, after two years, I had to go back to India again because I had this strong feeling something is waiting for me there.
And I went back to India again. Strangely enough, when I went to Mumbai, I had the feeling, what did I do? This is nonsense.
To start again, you know, to go through all this, which didn't bring you to what you were looking for.
So I travelled again around for three months, but all the same, I was so empty inside.
I had like, there was no joy in my heart. There was no, even there was no light inside of me. I had the feeling.
So I decided, OK, either I go back to Germany or I go again to the Himalayas where I was before and go up to the Himalayas for a trekking.
And this is finally what I did. I went to Nepal, I went to Kathmandu, I went on this big Everest trip up to 5000 metres and all the same, all the same.
There was, I was in this beautiful, extraordinary, stunning nature, such a silence, snow and stones and beauty and this deep silence.
But inside of me, there was nearly desperation. And there was one thing, often in the evening when we stayed with our, with other travellers,
we slept around and opened fire in these simple lodges in our sleeping bags.
And we were all fed up with the food we had for several weeks already, which was mostly rice and dal.
And we were all craving for our homey foods, each one in a different way.
So we, each time we started talking about food and this and that, you know, and what we would like and what's, it was just going on.
And often someone said, but when you are back in Kathmandu, you have to go to this Austrian restaurant, which is there.
And they have the most delicious food there. And as a German, which is from the south of Germany, which is nearly Austria, I, well, this is my homey food.
So I thought, well, if nothing else comforts me and satisfies me, this is my goal.
When I'm back in Kathmandu on my first evening, I am there in this restaurant.
And this is what I did on my first evening. I went to this restaurant and there was on the wall a photo of an Indian lady.
And the owner of this restaurant was an Austrian called Lise Lotte.
And I asked her, who is this lady on this photo?
And she said, well, if I have time in between the servings, I come and tell you a little bit.
And so she came and told me a few things that this is Sremata Jhiner Maladevi.
And then she explained to me very briefly. And my first reaction was, oh, another philosophy, another belief, you know, another guru.
And but then something hooked me. She said, you can feel it immediately on your hands with a cool breeze or on top of your heads.
You can verify and you have to verify yourself, only yourself that you feel that.
And then she invited me next day to come to her house and she could walk on me and she would tell me more.
And this is what I did. The next day I went to her. I had only one week left in Kathmandu before I went back to Germany.
And I went to her and she put me immediately in a foot sock, worked on me in the back.
She had a lot of glass bangers on her arms and it made such a rattle.
And she was she was making sounds like, what did you do? And I said, oh, my gosh, you know.
So I didn't understand the word. I just was, you know, just was sitting in the foot sock and waiting.
Nothing. I felt afterwards I left her. I had felt nothing.
No cool breeze, neither in my hands. And she invited me to come every day.
So I went back from her to my hotel alone to Kathmandu and suddenly it hit me.
It was like someone had put on the light in my heart.
It was it was so clear and so, so obvious, and this desperation was completely gone.
And I felt clearly. Gosh, I have arrived home. What is this?
And I felt packed. Packed like in a down jacket of protection.
That was my first and very strong feeling and all this emptiness.
But I felt before all this, this this. Yeah, this desperation completely had vanished.
And so I went every day to her. She worked on me and we talked a lot. Then I went back to Munich and well, I started meditating.
There was no no yogi in Munich or there was only one in the whole of Germany, which was Thomas Menge.
And so after a few weeks, I contacted Gregor, who was in Vienna at the time.
If you could send me his book and I could read a little bit and I needed some support.
And he had contacted someone who I got my realization in eighty four in April in Kathmandu.
And in the same month, she met that she was in Australia. And there she asked an Australian yogi who was married to a German to go to Munich, where I lived in such a such a yoga there.
And this is what she did. And Gregor made a connection. And he sent me a letter and we met up and we started meditating together.
And there when it started for me and I saw she met that she only a few months later in Switzerland at the Sriganesha Pucha, where I saw her first time.
So this is my story. The food did not do the quench didn't satisfy me.
But through the food, I got the satisfaction for what I was seeking.
That's my story. Thank you so much.
Beautiful, beautiful story. Caroline, Ken has to leave.
Can you not speak now? Yeah. So that is what I'm just.
Well, he's the last one on the list. There's nobody else. Oh, is he? OK. Ken, off to you.
Oh, it's me now. How do I follow that one? I can't follow that one.
Mine is my story is nowhere near as dramatic and incredibly emotional as that.
Such a beautiful story you've told. So we're going to come down to the mundane a little bit now.
But anyway, I just want to say that my I mean, the two questions, the themes for tonight are so interrelated.
You can just answer them really. You know, what was how did you feel? What was it again?
Yeah. What was the what? Yeah. What is your main desire when you first met your Matthew and how was your first experience?
So I'll combine those questions. I, I need to go back to.
Probably my first real experience of God, which was a lot back.
This was back in 1972. I went to church.
I'm going to be as brief as I can, but I went to church with my family as a child in Canada.
It meant nothing to me. It was just a lot of people singing hymns that went on forever and all that kind of thing.
It just it I had some vague belief in the possibility of God. That's all I had.
But when I was I went to to theatre school in 1972 to train as an actor.
And then, you know, I started to experience a lot of things.
My life just became much deeper. And I think that's when any seeking really began.
And I just remember at one point everything was getting on top of me and it just seemed like I just couldn't cope.
You know, it was a very intensive course and all that.
And I just remember one day I was alone and in our flat and I just found myself sort of collapsing onto the floor in what I would now know is like an enama scar.
Like, like really as we would bow to shrimachi blows just down like that and just completely humbling down and just saying, help me, please help me, please.
I didn't even know who I'm saying that to just reaching out to the universe.
And I had the most amazing experience of just being lifted, like feeling within being lifted up somehow.
And I just had this feeling of a presence. And I felt at that point it was God saying to me, I'm here. Don't worry, I'm here. I'm real.
And I'm there in your heart. But you must promise me something. Don't ever get involved with any of these groups.
No Maharishi, no Hare Krishna, no Jesus Freaks, nothing. You will only find me in your heart.
So I was never attracted to any of those things. They all repulsed me. Billy Graham, all these things, you know, that came along and promised to release you.
And then fast forward, moving to England in 1983 and then 1989.
I had been doing, I've been practicing my craft as an actor, and I think my greatest desire at that time was to unlock the potential in me to communicate as an artist, as an actor.
And I began to get in theatre school, of course, I began to get a sense of what that might be, but I could never quite reach it.
I was doing hatha yoga. I discovered hatha yoga maybe about 10 years earlier.
And I did find that helpful because I found that it was unleashing certain energies within me, but there was no real focus to it.
There was no, I felt I needed guidance. I needed a teacher. And so, as I said, I knew I wasn't going to find it in any of these other groups and so-called religions and all this kind of stuff.
And it just happened that one day I was walking up the hill. I lived in Haggard Hill in London, if that means anything to anyone.
And I was walking up the hill to my, to our flat and saw a poster on a bus stop for the meeting at Portchester Hall.
And there was Sri Mataji's big lovely face and it just, I walked past it and I just found myself going back.
Now this was unlike me. I was never drawn to these things, but I found this picture drew me.
And I can't remember anymore the exact wording on the poster, but it was saying basically sahaja yoga is the only way to save the world and to find your inner self.
And I thought, well, that's quite a claim. I'd love to go and hear this lady speak and see if she can back that up because that's amazing.
You know, that's sort of how my mind was working. I thought if she can really deliver that, I'm interested.
And I was surprised at my own lack of skepticism, you know, because normally I would be.
And I remember thinking, because I assumed that she was from India in the sense I didn't realize she was living in the UK at the time.
So I thought, well, her followers must be really excited that she's in this country. I don't know why that that came into my head, but it did quite strongly.
Anyway, so I thought, OK, I sort of made a note of the time and date of the meeting, which is just a few days away, got up to my flat and lo and behold, a leaflet had been put through the door.
And I thought I remember thinking of my exact thought was maybe the universe is trying to tell me something.
And so I read the leaflet and it was it was it was it was good. It was quite a detailed leaflet about the life of Shri Mataji and all that.
I would say at this point, I've always advocated that that sort of thing should be in a leaflet, because that's what made me come.
If it had just been a plain leaflet advertising the meeting and saying nothing more, I probably wouldn't have come.
But in fact, that it talked about her and her association with Gandhi and all that, that really sort of got me going.
And I said, I'm going, I'm going. So anyway, long story short, I love telling this part is that when the day came to go to the meeting, I went down to the tube station, Archway tube station, station closed.
There's a fire in the station.
Now, if I hadn't, you know, had this strength of desire, I might have said, Oh, well, I guess it's not meant to be. But no, I've got to get there. Somehow, I've got to get there.
I'll just get on any bus that's going vaguely in the direction of the next tube station or something like that.
Anyway, I ended up getting on this bus that was going to Hammersmith.
And I just was following it in my A to Z. Oh, OK, OK. Well, no, I won't get off the next station because it's going this way and this way.
It ended up dropping me. And I mean, London is a big city. The odds against this are pretty.
But it ended up dropping me right at the top of the road where poor Chester Hall is.
So I remember thinking, ah, the universe really is. I'm meant to be here.
So, you know, went in and was handed my little photograph of Tromat's use. I still have to this day.
It was the classic black and white. And it was little instructions how to meditate with the photograph and all that.
And I just I just came into this meeting and there were people playing bajans and that went on forever and ever and ever.
I think it was supposed to start at seven thirty and here was eight thirty. No Srimati yet.
But I remember thinking what went through my head was this is a test because I didn't find the bajans very interesting, to be honest.
I thought this is a test. The true seekers, the true seekers will stay.
And, you know, and then David Spyro, David Spyro got up and he said, would you all stand please?
And that was a really quite a magical moment because the hall went very quiet.
And this magnificent lady came in and took her place up the stage without a word and put on her glasses and just sat there very silently.
And they started resuming the bajans. And that went on for a long, long time, it seemed.
But I was just caught up in the spell somehow. Spell is probably the wrong word.
But in the atmosphere and when she spoke.
I couldn't understand. I understood about two thirds of what she said, because the hall was very echoey and I wasn't used to her strong Indian accent.
And but I got all the gist and I got the emphasis.
And I remember when she said we're going to enter the kingdom of God, I thought.
God, I just wanted to improve myself as an actor. This is great.
We're actually going to enter the kingdom of God. I mean, it was really like that.
I'm just telling it in a funny way. But there was this this, you know, I expected just a good yoga teacher, you know, that would help me be a better actor or whatever.
And here was this lady saying we could enter the kingdom of God. And here was me actually say, believing it and say, well, I wish I'd worn a tie or something, you know, because this is big.
And so I did everything and went through the whole realization exercise.
And, you know, I can't say as I felt the cool breeze or anything, but it was just feeling much more than that somehow.
I mean, a cool breeze didn't even seem important at that point. It just I could feel the fullness of everything.
And then we were invited to go up and, you know, to be to meet Srimati and be worked on and that sort of thing.
And I didn't do it because the queue was so long and I was hungry. I was starving.
You know, the food theme. I was starving and I thought this is so much to absorb.
I'm just I'm fine. I'm just going to go home and I'll go out and find a set takeaway or something like that.
Well, you know, I went outside and I immediately there was a bus and I didn't even bother with the takeaway.
I just got on this bus and went up to the top of the bus. There were other people there.
And I thought, what if these people can see that I've had something really special happen to me?
And yeah, I just I probably had a nibble or something when I got home, but I wasn't even concerned about food.
I just forgot about the food and just took this wonderful thing home with me.
And I remember when I went to a follow up meeting after that and that was great.
But the first time I went to a regular Sahaj weekly meeting at Hampstead.
I just remember, you know, thinking, well, I hope these meetings are going to live up to everything I felt that day.
I don't know if it's you know, this this is that was kind of a one off thing.
Do the people who run these meetings, are they as special as she is and all that?
Well, I needn't have worried because when I arrived at this meeting, it was everyone was in silent meditation.
The meeting had already just begun and there was no nothing playing or no one talking, just absolute silent meditation.
And I felt like a wall literally in vibrations, as if I just was entering another world.
And I just sat down and I knew how to raise my Kundalini and I did all that.
It was just the most beautiful thing.
And then Mother's Video came on.
Oh, introduced, of course, by Patty Prohl.
And Patty Prohl was like this angel that stood at the front of the room and she was beaming, absolutely beaming.
And said, you know, I see that there's some new people here and all that kind of thing.
I felt so welcomed. And then Mother's Talk came on.
I thought I am so in the right place, so in the right place.
And my wife, Jacqueline, we just had a three month old baby, you know, who's our second child.
So she was home with the baby. She couldn't come to these meetings.
And I just started going regularly and I didn't say much about it.
And I just said, I told her a little bit about self-realization, but I didn't say anything about cool breezes or anything like that because I still didn't feel a cool breeze.
And then one morning, after about four or five weeks, I woke up and I just felt it spontaneously.
I just woke up in the morning. I wasn't even meditating or anything.
And I went, oh my goodness, you know, and I woke Jacqueline up.
I said, you know, this self-realization I've been telling you about. I said, put your hand over my head.
I'd never mentioned cool breezes to her. And she literally went, oh, so it feels like a cool wind coming out of your head.
I said, that's the self-realization I've been telling you about.
So that day we sat down with a cassette and I sat her down and I said, this is going to maybe feel a bit funny when I put this candle here and this photograph here.
And you're going to listen to this and tell me how you feel.
And she listened. And in the end, she was speechless and she just all she could say was, she's saying everything I've always felt in my heart.
I went, yes, because it was important to me that we would both we would both feel it.
And then the next sort of big thing.
Yeah, I suppose so we did meditate together after a while.
And after a while, I think she started to back away a bit or she started to feel it was maybe I was being too pushy with it and all that.
And then so she said, I think I don't know if I want to keep. I said, don't worry.
Stop for a while. Stop meditating. It's fine. Just come to it in your own time.
And so, you know, she did. It was just back to being me. And then I.
Oh, gosh, you can stop me anytime. I've got to go. I've got to go in five minutes.
But I've got so many. Ken, Ken, I've just been told that Mira has actually nailed to join.
So if if you don't feel that I'm stopping you in mid-flow, then I will gently stop you now.
We'll be back. I'll be back. I've got Arnold Schwartz. Absolutely.
I'm sure you want lots more stories to tell us. And the trouble is that once you get going, it's one after another comes in.
We've all had that experience. And so I'll leave it there. Thank you so much for letting me tell you about my first experience.
Thank you. Thank you.
Jason, that's you. Yeah, I'm going to check out now because I've got I've got another meeting, believe it or not, at eight thirty.
So not a Saj meeting, but it's just an acting meeting. So why everyone?
Jason, I buy my Ken. Bye, Ken.
Thank you. So yes. I'm also going to do the breakout rooms today.
No, no, no. We're not doing break.
No. Mira, are you here now? Can you? Yes. Can you hear me?
Lovely. We can hear you. Yes. OK. I mean, I'm seeing you as well. Wonderful that you are missing me.
I mean, such a feeling. And I tried half an hour to get in. Oh.
And then finally, Gunther called me and then open now, send me. So I got you.
And I'm very happy. Even a little bit later. So nice to see Maureen and everybody. Hello, Mira.
Hello, dear. Hello, my dear. So nice. So I'm not great. And all of you.
Thank you so much for having me here.
But did you have a story that you wanted to share?
And I missed the beginning. Is there something which is important to know or subject?
People have been talking mostly about how they got their realisation. But any story that you think that we would enjoy really Mira?
OK. Maybe. Yes. Maybe I will start us with that. Yeah. It's a long time back.
It's happened in my life. Like many of us. It was a period. Very, very difficult.
And I got also very sick and I didn't know if I will survive.
Yeah. How my life will go on. And I think many times happening is like, yeah.
Then you start to ask. Yeah. As I did also. So especially I ask God.
So I ask, OK, what is this? If I have to die, then I will die. But what will happen with my children?
And still, I didn't have to give up. And that was the beginning of my seeking, probably even earlier.
But in a way, when I really started to to to search and then I went to study astrology because I wanted to know about my life.
Why it's happening to me like this, I have never done anything wrong to others and suffering like that.
And yes. And then the teacher's wife, she was a very active lady.
She went everywhere for meditation to all gurus. And and she always asked me.
And then I said, I don't know. I don't want what is meditation. I don't want to meditate.
So I was not really interested in that because I didn't know much about.
And then one day she asked me to to for a street where she went.
She wanted to go for a program that is a such program. And then I had a lot of pain.
And then she just told me, you know, you just make like so. And then you will get fine.
So I said, OK, let's go. So I went there with her. That was the program, a normal program.
And I didn't understand much. So. So I was listening what they do and then how they did the realizations program.
And but at the end, someone let me.
So I was sitting in front of a picture of she wanted to see.
And I think in that moment, this connection started to to grow in me.
So vibrationally. And then after someone worked on me, even I didn't know I know who it was.
And I opened my eyes and she was she was sitting there really in her form.
And. I couldn't speak. I didn't I didn't know what to say.
I didn't understand what's going on. But then I started to go to the programs and then also I wanted to know more.
I wanted to know the techniques and went everywhere and to France, to Marie Louise.
And yeah, it was a very, very difficult beginning.
And I just wanted to meet you, Matt. I wanted to see her.
But everybody told me, you and you cannot you cannot go.
You have to wait one or two years. And I said, no, I don't want to wait that long.
So I think it was only we are open. Are you here?
And he told me that there will be a pooja in Portugal.
And then I said, OK, I want I will go down. And I just went book my ticket.
I had no idea about anything. I had no sari. I had nothing.
So I went to the airport and many such a yogi's with her waiting and they looked at me.
Oh, what are you doing here? I'm going to meet you, Matt.
So that was my desire. Very strong. And this connection from the first moment was enormous.
And yeah, that was the beginning of my life. And.
Yeah, it went strong. It was not always easy.
But also in that program, I remember it was a beautiful place in Sintras.
And then when you arrived, you might have arrived five minutes later.
And from that moment, I had no pain. So already it started. I felt the whole vibration, the vibration in my body working.
Even I didn't understand what was going on. And yeah, that was an amazing first meeting.
And yeah, I was like a child. I felt like a child. I was joyful and happy and and hungry because I didn't know about the food and not the time.
And I didn't understand anything. I was just happy to see Shima to G.
Lovely. It's my first story before. Before I open it up, just generally, I'd like to follow on from that with my story because it's kind of the opposite.
So in 1988, I was working on the same floor in Olivetti as Javier Valderrama, who quite a lot of you will know.
Oh, yeah. He he.
Well, essentially, he just hammered away at me until I finally gave in and agreed to to try to have yoga meditation.
And he was so determined that I would that I would try it, that he opened the local center just for me, because the night everybody met, I had karate and I wasn't prepared to give it up at the time.
So he took me there and he gave me my realization and then not content with that.
A week later, he had me around his house and where Chris and Ruth Greaves were staying at the time while they
I think they had to treat the galati ashram where they were living. So he had them work on me.
I'm not content with that to another week after that, he picked me up from the airport when I came back from business trip in order to take me to a joint Italian and German pooja Lago di Bryce.
So that was my first pooja and a bit like Ken, one of the main things that struck me was all the banks of food.
And then, as if that wasn't enough, a month after I got my realization, he brought me to shooting camps for my first pooja with shimashii.
And at that pooja shimashii or there was a call for young ladies to go up to young.
I suppose we should say girls, but I was 30. So I'm and one of the girls I knew from the Italian collected grabbed my hand and dragged me up.
So my first pooja I found myself decorating shimashii's feet.
And I was shown to rub the cum cum into my hands so that my hands were red after we'd finished the pooja to shimashii.
And we'd the Italians had to leave early because we had an early flight back to Italy. So everybody, all the others were loath to go.
But we still we had to leave just before they started giving the presents to shimashii.
And we got to the airport quite late. So Javier got me with my hands were still red and sent me to the front of the crew queue and said, hold your hands like this to them and tell them we have to get on the plane and that they should let us through now.
So I did. And they did.
Wow.
Yes.
Now we have to is quite open for anybody who wants to speak.
For me, this is always so amazing. The individual stories of each one of us. There is no one which is similar.
It's just to our personality, to our life.
From where we came, what we are amazing.
It's just so beautiful.
Brigitte, I'm sure you have a multitude of wonderful stories. I don't know whether you feel like relating one of them this evening.
That's very sweet of you.
It's always a pleasure to hear from you. Yeah.
I'll try to make it short.
Basically, when I was very young, probably seven years old.
I was one morning, looking through the window, it must have been spring.
And I felt the presence of God in a very, very strong way, and it was just a feeling of tremendous joy.
And I was born in a Catholic family, very, very Catholic.
And of course, I went to church and I went through all the process.
And I was like, I'm not very happy about what they would say and not do.
So I was imagining that things had to be much simpler, much more available, much more handy, if one can say.
And I had heard about gurus, but I had heard also that you cannot choose the guru, but the guru will choose you.
So I used to go to Holy Communion, as it is in this Catholic Church.
And I would pray, I would be around 12, 13 years old, and I would pray, please, God, send me a guru, because things must be much more simpler than what I hear.
So time went on.
And now I'm getting to my 23rd year, no, I was 24, when I was invited to a meeting about,
a meeting that Gregor gave about his experience in Nepal, where he had been a teacher at university, just after my ex-husband had been.
So we went to that meeting very late, so we were all standing.
And by the end of the meeting, where frankly, I didn't hear a word, because I was very much in my listing, leaving to Mexico,
maybe three, four days later with my eldest son.
So by the end of his conference, he said, well, I'm over, but I would like to share a very special experience about meditation.
And then my ears went just plunk.
And a lot of people left, so I could sit.
And basically, which is quite incredible, he just told us to remove our shoes and put our hands on our lap.
And he was just mentioning that you are on a sunny day on a beach and the sun is warm and you're feeling good and you're feeling so relaxed.
And that was basically just what he was saying for a certain time.
Probably the yogis behind were trying to raise the Kundalini's.
And after some time, he just mentioned, does somebody feel a kind of a cool breeze in the center of the pond?
And it was obvious.
So he said, please, if somebody feels, can you raise your hand?
So I raise my hand and he came behind me and he just exploded with joy.
She's got it. So I thought, wow, what has happened to me?
Must be something very special. And I did feel the cool breeze, but I had absolutely no clue of what had happened to me.
I must say that we left, as I said, in a very short time later after this to Mexico.
Gregor tried to see me just after this conference.
He said, well, just take this picture, take it with you.
It's it's too short for me to explain to you right now, but it's very important what has happened.
And we left for Mexico. And of course, I had this picture somewhere in my luggage.
But the very interesting thing is that I was really.
Although I didn't believe what people would say, the priests, you know, they would say all sort of things.
I was very much I was needing to go to the church, I was needing to pray, I was needing all those things.
And suddenly in Mexico, Mexico is special. I mean, it's it's almost black magic in those in those churches.
I really got completely disgusted with the Catholic Church.
And I was a bit desperate to to find something.
And I remember one day doing shopping for the house.
I saw a place where they were announcing meditation course.
And I remember coming back to that place, entering the hall and feeling.
Weird and just going away again. Anyway, that's here.
My second son was born. And after his birth, we suddenly decided to go to Switzerland for Christmas.
And and and then things happen like, you know, they decided that my husband shouldn't start continue working in Mexico, that we would be transferred to Egypt.
And I was living with my parents and.
Coming back from Mexico, because I had to pack the house, I see this small little card of Gregor announcing the coming of Sri Mataji in April 1980.
In Lausanne. And frankly, you know.
I, I felt such a joy. I mean, today I know what had happened to me, actually, my Kundalini came up.
My two children were very young and I had to really get organized to to go to the hotel de la Pa, Lausanne for two nights of conference.
But I went there.
I sat right in front.
With all my Catholic conditioning, I was really expecting.
To see someone like somebody very thin, sitting almost on nails, you know, very strict and aesthetic.
And here comes this beautiful lady in white sari bubbling and so motherly and to really cut the cut the seriousness about it.
Gregor had done a very big introduction that that time the mics had a big chord and he was speaking and speaking and speaking and finally ended up being tied by the cord.
And he felt right down at the feet of Sri Mataji with an explosion of laughter in the hall and Sri Mataji also.
And he said, well, I think I have been speaking for too much time. And it's time that Sri Mataji can speak.
The next day, I was very lucky because I could see Sri Mataji in in the flat where she was staying.
And one of the questions I asked her was.
Sri Mataji, I had the feeling of the presence of God for.
Since I was very young.
And in the church, we are told that Christ is God. So why don't I feel the same.
The immensity of love and and and and joy.
For Christ, because I mean.
The father and the son is just one one God.
So she might have just started working on my hands and by doing Ganesha's symbol and cried cross.
On the other hand. And of course, she was doing this famous sound we used to.
We have been hearing so often, like, oh, you know, like, oh, it's there, it's there.
But frankly, I didn't feel anything.
I finally said yes, because I feel a bit shameful not to to really feel as I was probably supposed to feel.
But the beautiful thing is that many years later, maybe three, four years later in Pune.
On the India tour, there was a speech of free managing where I.
I was sitting there and fighting, fighting with all my strength not to to sleep away.
Because the heaviness was so strong on me and suddenly, but I'm not able to really describe what has happened to me.
I can't remember in very precise detail, but I.
It was certainly just.
Obvious.
And I felt that tremendous unity, maybe, or connection, connection to the to this all pervading love.
But also coming from Christ. So, well, that was a story.
There's many more, of course. In April, she might as she was in in Lausanne and in September, she had to come again.
And I was really blessed because she she came to the house of my parents.
I had done a little trick to my father to have his house by the lake.
And she might as she was was there. And we all slept with her in in her room and with a man downstairs.
Do we mean upstairs? And at the conference that night, my father came.
And just to to to make it more spicy.
At the end of the talk, she said, tomorrow, I invite you all into my house.
But he said, can you give the address? So my father went bloke because he didn't realize I had organized all that for for streamers.
But that was a wonderful experience. She might.
And Cuba, she goes beautiful. Is the end.
It's time is moving on a little bit. I'm aware. But if anybody has another story, it would be wonderful to finish off with.
Mariana Amelia.
OK, I was going to propose also Kathy Lantone because it's the first time I do.
Yeah. Yeah. Catchy because it's the first time we are here today. So to be nice that you can introduce yourself because you are from the very, very beginning as well.
You're on mute.
OK, can you hear me? Yes.
I'm so happy to be with you and to share all these beautiful stories.
And yes, thank you for this opportunity just to to to to tell what was my first experience.
And I was knowing Marilor, our sister, since quite a long time.
I was 14. She was 15.
And in the way we could see each other sometimes for our holidays, I was in French, she was in Switzerland.
And one day it was in July 1978.
She had already a realization given by Greg.
And I went to a studio in Lausanne. She gave me my realization and I was so entangled.
You know, it is mundane Maya and all these things mundane things that I could feel something, but certainly not the depth of it.
So one day I went with Greg.
I remember my Amelia and I know and Marilor, we went to London and we were very, very lucky because she might actually ask us to come for tea.
So we went there. And as I was extremely my liver was so bad that I.
When I've seen she might have G, I was absolutely.
Like surprised to see a person so beautiful, so simple.
Her skin was absolutely shining like if it was silk. I was amazed to see such a person like this. So simple, especially simple because I was so much in this mundane things, little bit like you said you know in this Catholic things and everything like this.
And she might actually ask us to see it. We have tea with her. She was speaking so nicely that I could feel her motherhood so much.
And suddenly because my liver was so bad, I was feeling extremely cold, but so cold. I was absolutely freezing, freezing, little bit shameful to be like this, but I didn't say anything.
Just she met a geocourse, noticed it.
And she just,
she took a show out of her shoulders and put her show and show on my shoulders.
And the feeling.
I will never be able to describe what it has been.
It's exactly like if I was
in some lukewarm water.
Wonderful feeling.
I knew that something wonderful was existing I was so bad you know it's this mundane things and suddenly his experience that she might have just been so compassionate to give me otherwise, probably I would never
been able to find the depth.
I knew that something was there, which was wonderful because these feelings that I felt in my inner being was incredible.
So I've been very lucky for that. And after that, the day after that I was minus 40 but it was okay. I knew that I could climb the ladder up to something more beautiful.
And I will always, always be so grateful to Shonataji because you know compassionate, infinite compassion she gives me this experience, just to know that something absolutely wonderful was there.
So that was my first experience, seeing Shonataji.
So beautiful.
I remember that visit.
It was incredible. I'm so feeling so, you know, inside, so much.
I'm so grateful, just to have been able to feel that because Shonataji knew that otherwise, probably I would have been able to go a little bit further.
So it was wonderful, wonderful experience I'm still very moved about that.
I'm sorry I'm not going to cry just in front of you like this but it was. Sorry I did also.
After so many years we're still moved by it.
Oh yes, definitely. Definitely.
It has been such a luck for me.
And thank you again to give me this opportunity to tell it and it's lovely.
And I was very so I'm so happy to hear about you and all your experiences I was, look, I was listening to you and I get and the way everything has been said.
It's so genuine, so honest and it's so beautiful. I must say these difficult times.
It's lovely to hear that.
Thank you so much.
I see Rosemary Maitland, you miss on the crew with us. May the last five minutes she could tell us her story?
Okay.
Can you hear me? We should have it for the next time because already it's going to be nine o'clock maybe we can have a short meditation and then close at nine o'clock and we are going to meet every month.
Every second Wednesday of each month.
I would love to tell you next time, my little story. Yes. Yes, I would too. I think there's probably a few of us that are watching.
Yeah, me too. I have my story that I would love to tell but it will be another time or so. Yeah, it's been very very uplifting it's a really really nice thing to do.
Because I'm writing a lot of the stuff down now so it's really really nice to hear how other people have come to Saj yoga and there are similarities actually but yeah, we'll do it.
I'd like to share the American experience what I experienced here in the US. So, another time.
I'm making a note of everybody who said that they want to speak.
Thank you so much.
I would have been too shy to say anything if you hadn't mentioned it so thank you so much.
So lovely to see you.
I'll take my name down for next time as well. Yeah, got it.
Yes, nine to
Can you write down the name of Jim and Hillary as well to speak.
Oh, Jim and Hillary.
Thomas. What about you, Fergie? Oh no I've done, I've done quite a few already so I like I'm enjoying listening to everyone else. Okay.
There are never too many. Come on.
Maureen. Yes.
What about you.
Would you like me to finish up now.
So what do you say Maureen I would like next time, next time, next time.
I think we've got a lot of people who could do next time, maybe the time after.
After that, absolutely.
But Maureen could you could you, Maureen has just has a couple of announcements to make.
And then we'll just finish by a couple of minutes of silence and then raise our Kundalini's and put bandanas on. Indeed, indeed.
A huge thank you to all of you who have joined in again this evening.
I think it's pretty obvious that we're all enjoying your stories.
Hearing about all these different experiences and reliving them with you.
And they do bring tears of joy and emotion of all sorts to all of us, so don't be ashamed of the tears they are good tears, if I can put it that way.
It's obvious, as I just said that we're going to have a full program next time which will be on the second Wednesday of the month.
Regularly, there seems to be a good need for it and I think it's a well worthwhile thing to do.
We are also going to propose a WhatsApp group for this group.
Anybody who would like to join it will be invited. I mean, you will all be invited but if you would like to join it, then you're free to do so.
Instructions will come along in due course.
It's going to be for, we haven't really found a good word for people who had this realization, a long time ago.
I don't really like the idea of seniors. No, we changed it already to early, early yogis. Early yogis connect.
Well done Maureen, great idea.
We can name the dinosaurs.
I'm sorry I didn't hear. We can name the dinosaurs.
I don't like that one.
I don't like elders either.
I'm not a yogi personally. Foundation stones. Yogi foundation stones.
Yes, well, Gary Gary some people felt that was a lot of sort of a lot to live up to.
But you know the roots have to do a lot of work, you know, watch out for a decision on the on the terminology but there will be an invitation to join this WhatsApp group.
Okay, perhaps I could just finish by pointing out a strange situation.
Cosmos has arisen out of the pandemic.
Now there's a good thing to think about.
When the pandemic started, we were all obviously shut down we could not meet with friends and family, and particularly other yogis we could not go to places where we could meet up with others for meditation or poojas.
For some of us, it was extreme or it is still extremely difficult.
We were isolated.
But thankfully Shalini and some friends I believe thought about this and pulled in people from various places and put them into these little circles, where we meet together six or seven of us maybe.
And we talk about problems that we have, joys that we are experiencing, miracles that are happening.
And out of the circles, this group has risen. So this is why I'm saying that COVID has given rise to Cosmos.
Thank you all again for coming this evening, spending time together. What a joy. Thank you.
Thank you, Maureen. Could I just add, could I just add.
Yes.
Other than saying a big, big, big heart full thanks to everyone for amazing stories, and just to see you all is amazing. It's a miracle for us to see all of you in one platform.
I would also like to invite, we are also starting sessions for parents.
The last two Wednesdays of each month. And I just had a feeling that it is important for parents, especially parents of teenagers to meet each other.
There are so many challenges in that age group for both children and parents. So if you have time, we will send you the invitation. Please join in, bring your experience.
And we'll ask you if, in which way you can contribute, you know, we will have very defined plan sessions. So that is another thing that is coming out of Cosmos. So you all are welcome to join.
Have a lovely evening and a very, very happy day.
And if it wasn't clear from what Maureen said, if anybody wants to join in with Cosmos and join in the circles, we would love to welcome you into them.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Sorry, I thought of calling James.
Sorry.
Okay, I need to go.
Ladies and gentlemen, can we just take our attention. I mean, it already is there but just use our hands to take it, make sure that it's there.
And then raise our Kundalini's and put our hands on.
Thank you.
Thank you all. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Good night.
Lots of love.
Was lovely. Bye bye. It was beautiful. Thank you. Beautiful. Absolutely.
Bye bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye everybody.
Bye.
Hello.
Hi.
Linda.
Linda. I hope you'll speak from one time as well.
I'll try and think of something to say. Oh, I'm sure you'll find something.
Until Linda It is lovely to see you.
Thank you.
From all around the world.
Very nice faces.
Difficult to disconnect.
Hello.
So happy when I heard you coming.
Very nice. First time I do it, but definitely forget what we have found.
You know what I mean? With everything that's going on, we just forget, you know, what an amazing thing.
We've realized again what an amazing thing it was in our life.
Absolute. Oh my God. I'm going to cry.
Good to meet all of you.
Yeah.
Bye bye everybody.